Minutes for November 26, 2019. 11th meeting.
500Startups, 814 Mission Street, San Francisco

Attendants:

* Mark Son-Bell
* Johannes Ernst
* Josep A. Aliagas
* Kaliya Young (identity woman)

Remote attendants:

* Sari Stenfors
* Kathy Giori

Agenda:

1.- Elections Result

Our Hub did not get any representative in any of the available positions. From our Hub we
congratulate all the board and steering group members. Josep showed his personal concern
and added that “This was really disappointing. It’s difficult to understand and really
discouraging from my personal point of view how a global organisation like MyData has not
had the vision to choose any representative in the most critical area in the world regarding
personal data, as Silicon Valley.” We all think it’s a pity but we need to keep working.

2.- Fund Raising, the role of our organisation and Race-To-The-Top (RTTT)

We are contacting with several actors in the FundRaising industry who are starting to
coordinate the creation of a group of investors which investment thesis is similar to our
principles. We agreed on working with RTTT in creating the ecosystem.

Sari mentioned that one of his contacts was in the last meeting in NY and would provide
some feedback on what was discussed there.

Our colleague Soren is also organising some events at Stanford University. Another
colleague, Seth, is already working on his own project and already raised funds, so it
looks like things are starting to ramp up.

People are already talking about a so called Privacy-tech category. Our Hub should be
active in this field and we are thinking of ways to do that.

One of the participants says that MyData Global is working on the MyData certification
programs. We discussed whether to have our own organisation certification or not. Me2B
is already working on that. The difference is that MyData will certify people, while
Me2B certifies products

We propose different ways of making ourselves visibles such us do matchmaking events.
Also one of us proposals that we should talk to Pension Funds so that they start thinking
of allocating their funds into companies that are respectful with data.

Kathy offers us the possibility of reaching more people through Mozilla and open innovation.

Finally we discuss about Contract for the Web that gets a lot of press but it’s not inclusive.

3.- ANG:

A New Government (ANG)  is a process that is starting in Europe. We consider that this is
not interesting for the US market as there are many standards already here and we don’t
need another one.

4.- Connectathlon

Mark is working in a map that shows how the Green Internet should work. He says he is
working on creating a real demo to show all the agents how it works, and how a GDPR
compliance process would work on the Green internet. He would be open to pitch his proposal
to the right audience. SSI Incubator is preparing a demo day of their new batch on
December 12th.

5.- JFK/Conference

We should organize an big event and start generating some noise. We should leverage on the
Unconference and try to do ours right after or before. We should be able to create a group
of angel investors, or VCs and connect investors with startups. We should talk to existing
entrepreneurs to understand how they raised money, and try to get the first money in for
”our“ startups.

We could get some traction from Sacramento and Oakland privacy groups which seem to be
pretty active. They track every surveillance company and check which are ready for the
CCPA starting in January.

We should organize events both in East and West Coast. Johannes mentions that we could get
some sponsorship from Me2B. We propose to organize our first conference during the last
week of October 2020. We will check availability in the Computer Museum. In this conference
we should have at least 3 perspectives, Government, People’s, and Startus+Investors.
Previously we will try to organize an Investor conference around 28-30 of April.
We agree on having a monothematic meeting regarding this event.

6.- NFDR

This is an organisation in Malaysia that is creating a framework for press digital rights,
SSI, data lockers and all kind of tools to protect rights. It is lead by the IO foundation
in Malaysia. We should talk to them and find out more.

